hello again I'm little apple and
I am one step away from announcing what will be
the last stage of the skate league mexico
2014 edition is the second edition and
let's tell you how it will be in the
males the encounters for this
semifinal were already played eighth and
quarterfinals and semifinals us
for semifinals is going to face the
band of alebrijes skateboards
to
ah
against the retro band
skateboards
ah
ah ah
and on the other side we have in the
semifinal to the phoenix skate band
words
ah
to
but
i
good
against the gentlemen of converse with
Mexico
ah
Y
good
to
ah
please do not miss it this is going to be
a live event where the whole band is going
to be able to attend will be here in
the snoop skatepark next Sunday 8
June we'll see you here from 12
noon because we are going to have to see
contests and other things this is not
only the final of the strong event is
the final but then we are going to have some
other activities please I know that the
information on the facebook of the league
skate mx on youtube also league
skate bmx and in the league skate twitter
mx today to start stealing skate and
Well, we see you up there in the copping
league is that in mexico so be it